README.md, before:

# Carbon-Footprint-Calculator
Basic Programming I - Final Project

The problem we are trying to approach is the Carbon Footprint and their negative impact in the environment. 
The way we are going to solve this problem is by developing an app that calculates your carbon footprint, so that you can moderate your use of polluting and contaminating devices.
It is relevant because many people don’t know how much they contribute to pollution. The app has an educational and environmental purpose encouraging people to take action to reduce their footprint
The app is mainly targeted for independent adults but also useful for students, teachers, or anyone interested in sustainability
Our objective is to create a successful app, capable of calculating and giving an approximate value of your carbon footprint.
The main features will be a calculator system and a database referring to carbon emissions.
For our scope we aim to be able to develop the code of the app successfully, and if possible, make some automated tips for the user to lower its carbon footprint.

Instructions:
1. Use Python 3.13 in Visual Studio. (2022 or Code)
2. Install NumPy and Pandas so your app can work properly.
3. Make sure your Visual Studio is updated.
4. Start the app.

The app was developed and finished in 20/10/2025

This app features libraries such as NumPy and Pandas, and functional calulator to approximate your monthly carbon emissions.

Commit message:

Revise app completion date and add video link
Updated the completion date and added a video link.

README.md, after:

# Carbon-Footprint-Calculator
Basic Programming I - Final Project

The problem we are trying to approach is the Carbon Footprint and their negative impact in the environment. 
The way we are going to solve this problem is by developing an app that calculates your carbon footprint, so that you can moderate your use of polluting and contaminating devices.
It is relevant because many people don’t know how much they contribute to pollution. The app has an educational and environmental purpose encouraging people to take action to reduce their footprint
The app is mainly targeted for independent adults but also useful for students, teachers, or anyone interested in sustainability
Our objective is to create a successful app, capable of calculating and giving an approximate value of your carbon footprint.
The main features will be a calculator system and a database referring to carbon emissions.
For our scope we aim to be able to develop the code of the app successfully, and if possible, make some automated tips for the user to lower its carbon footprint.

Instructions:
1. Use Python 3.13 in Visual Studio. (2022 or Code)
2. Install NumPy and Pandas so your app can work properly.
3. Make sure your Visual Studio is updated.
4. Start the app.

The app was developed and finished in 24/10/2025.

This app features libraries such as NumPy and Pandas, and functional calulator to approximate your monthly carbon emissions.

With this app we concluded in a satisfactory, and simple way that you can calculate your carbon footprint in a Python app, making it easy to know if your monthly carbon footprint is high or neutral. 

Video: https://drive.google.com/file/d/10_8LzCsuBmu_pIwnSWZdEDeVtpRDSdCj/view?usp=sharing
